Preprocessors: sass, scss, Stylus
Preprocessors: sass, scss
Now that you have learned about different animation effects, let's explore the topic of preprocessors which can make the process of creating them easier. CSS preprocesses are special compilers used to create a CSS file that can be referenced by an HTML document. They are generally used to reduce the amount of CSS you need to write and allow you to re-use values across multiple rules. This will make re-using animations and effects much easier. And because preprocessors are an extension of CSS they'll help not just in animation but any CSS code. Let's learn a little more about them.

Preprocessors provide audit functionality on top of the CSS features already present. Some of the features of preprocessors include the option to create variables, loops, and if else statements. Different preprocessors each have their own syntax and configurations for adding these features. Some of the most commonly used preprocessors include Sass, LESS, Stylus and PostCSS. The use of these preprocessors requires the installation of a compiler on top of your web server. 

In the early days of CSS, the main problem developers faced was the difficulty of managing the code. The way CSS was designed made the code very long, messy and complex. It also made it difficult to troubleshoot. Preprocessors have their own scripting language that adds logical structures, automation properties, reusability and bloating of the code. You’ll now explore some of the different preprocessors available.

SASS and SCSS
Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets (SASS) is a scripting language that CSS compiles and interprets into CSS. SCSS, which stands for Sassy CSS is the syntax for SASS and can be seen as an advanced version of both SASS and CSS. The difference between SASS and SCSS is best explained by the SASS documentation, which states:

"There are two syntaxes available for Sass. The first, known as SCSS (Sassy CSS) and used throughout this reference, is an extension of the syntax of CSS. This means that every valid CSS stylesheet is a valid SCSS file with the same meaning. This syntax is enhanced with the Sass features described below. Files using this syntax have the .scss extension.

The second and older syntax, known as the indented syntax (or sometimes just “Sass”), provides a more concise way of writing CSS. It uses indentation rather than brackets to indicate the nesting of selectors and newlines rather than semicolons to separate properties. Files using this syntax have the .sass extension."


More detail: https://www.coursera.org/learn/html-and-css-in-depth/supplement/6kcW2/preprocessors-sass-scss-stylus